well no busted bridges here twelve miles
from where we just were cozy Cove Marina
we're gonna jump in a boat with mr.
Craig hipster and we're gonna go find
some of those crappies that mr. ristar
was talking about how you doing mr.
Craig doing all right man you just go
get so much
why Oh Hayley we got now it's got to be
a white bass do that you know what
that's tonight's dinner right there two
fillets for me and two for her okay
Hampshire says farmer piss you're biting
don't think my ears don't perk up will
you made to gasp something like that you
have to guess
now I'm now you've jinxed me yeah you
just put the kibosh on I'd like to make
at least one it's February
what's the water temperature Craig fifty
four five now something about this it's
not right
no these fish be betting for long I'm
telling you
that makes you worry about yeah you know
cuz I don't know
sure I guess it could but if they lay
their eggs now and it gets real cold yes
it wouldn't work there's one oh yeah huh
I'm gonna say it's a crappie but I have
been known to be wrong before
well oh it's a big crop gee what that's
it oh my goodness you got a whole man up
for the camera Craig
that's so doing modeling that's not even
right right there we don't see that back
in Frankfurt everything hold it that's a
good denied it
watch him that's just an average one
down
we got here yellow or white white white
in it
how was we kissing them good big yellow
they've been being here today I caught
21 monsters right here it's pretty good
in that day in here we can't catch
crappie because a white man I don't get
it fun to catch inches I like the grill
those they got white bass back that size
you know it ain't much of a big fish
eater
really I just ate so many of them I got
burn out on him I reckon when I was a
kid dad did heat walleyes on Monday and
bluegills on Tuesday and sagres on
winning and crappies on thursday and i
swore when i got big enough eat pizza
and steak I wouldn't know where to fish
and I don't occasionally I'll get a
craving for
got I'd say it's a Yeller yeah yellow
man now there it's a big elevator he's
got that gold see how gold he is and why
hey it's a lot the win I mean like I
said I don't eat many finish but when I
eat fish that's what I use
oh what a crappy that's what you're
looking at
look at here I got a holding and petty
oh my goodness look how thick is the
filets we're gonna get off that song ago
stuff like that for granted and you know
I growed up in Ohio so I know what like
the fish where there's no fee and you
come down here and it's just just a
whole new world man 90% of the fish are
in 10% of the water - yeah well you got
I have no idea
hold on I got one taste so we got
doubles modular beat his brains out on
the boat crappie
hold on oh my goodness
is that what you got with you here's a
crappie no mom was a while oh just
didn't hurry to try to get yours I got a
hold it I gotta hold it oh I'm sorry I
don't care if I got a million thousand
trillion of these they're just beautiful
I think he is look at that finish look
at the colors on the back on his back
purples greens beans black crop is - you
know yeah most people catch white craft
um real alright yeah I don't know how
many fish again here one two oh there's
a huge black copying one two three four
five six seven eight nine ten fourteen
something like that now that's a mess of
fish actually that's a couple oh that's
a week's worth of fish you start
cleaning these 14-inch crappies man
there's a lot of meat there you know it
ain't like him little bitty one judging
all right now I'm not trying to spoil
your head up or anything but let's talk
about this 52 minutes yeah and all I
wanted was enough to have dinner now
I've got never several nights but I'll
tell you what that's that's what we're
talking about Kentucky legs Barca legs
are just phenomenal they're here you're
starting to see again you're starting to
see some of those younger getting little
ones in here well we had good songs you
know and that's that's the sign that
things run tick up people always ask me
where you going vacation let's talk
briefly about what your outfit is what
kind of line you got what kind of jigs
are using this is a hair jig my mama
makes she been making them for 15 years
blue hair jig four pound vicious yellow
line
Lumis bronze back rod medium light
action you know we had a good day
everything in the lake will bottom